
fey pranks
    Replacing a metal sword with a limp tree branch.
    Filling a canteen with mud.
    Draws moustaches on a random party member while they sleep.
    Adds a few rocks to a characters backpack every now and then so it gradually gets heavier and heavier.
    Sand in pants and pebbles in shoes.
    Leaves notes with target insults where the party will find them.
    Change all alcohol to water.
    Turn your hat into a frog.
    Fill your lantern with water.
    Cover bed rolls with honey.
    Switch every party members feet, giving them all a penalty to move speed and a saving throw against tripping.
    The classic creepy-crawlies in your shoes.
    All your weapons are covered by a thin, sticky sap that easily washes off with water.
    Charcoal doodles on your face.
    They cast Silence on you while you slept, so you wake up with a really sore throat.
    Your equipment is coated in oil, making it nearly impossible to hold onto.
    They made you pee yourself while you were asleep.
    You hear booming thunder in the middle of the night, waking you up. Surprise surprise, it’s not actually storming.
    A piece of parchment was glued to your back, just out of reach. It says something incredibly unflattering.
    They create the illusion of a dragon/tarrasque/purple wurm about to swallow you whole. Just before it reaches you, it disappears into mist.
    They REALLY messed up your hair.
    They heavily salted your rations while you slept.
    They painted your face to look like a cartoony animal.
    Change all water to alcohol.
    Follow a party member arround invisible, make illusory fart sounds.
    Reposition all trees in the area the party slept in into a weird pattern.
    Leaving an enchanted pile of gold out in the grass, with every coin permanently transforms into a marigold the next time it is exposed to sunlight after being stored away.
    Reversing the victims facial expressions, causing their face to express the opposite of whatever emotion they try show. Trying to frown results in a smile, an attempt at sneering ends up as a look of admiration, etc.
    Enchanting the victim to spew a swarm of angry bees from their mouth every time they open it. The bees immediately attack nearby creatures, the victim included. The enchantment ends as soon as the victim comes into contact with honey or at the next blue moon, whichever occurs sooner.
    A songbird starts to follow a party member around. The next time they roll a 1 on an attack or ability check, it flies overhead and poops on them.
    In the middle of the night, the party’s campfire throws off colorful sparks for 1d4 minutes.
    While walking through the wilderness, the party comes across footprints they recognize as their own tracks. The party isn’t wandering in circles, though; the prankster has simply copied or transplanted some footprints from earlier in their journey.
    Cut the tips off your arrows.
    Steal one of the party members’ voices.
    Dump water all over the sleeping party.
    Lure an alligator into one of their tents.
    Steal the last day of their memory.
    Add one more sleeping bag to their sleeping rotation. Do as much as possible to make it seem as though the party has an extra member that they just do not remember, complete with footprints leading off into the woods.
    Subtly change a character’s voice inflection so every comment sounds like innuendo.
    Make everything taste like raisins. Except raisins…
    A tune which you can’t quite place plays faintly in the distance. No one else can hear it.
    Swap two party members’ voices.
    Your reflection sticks its tongue out at you.
    Players with moustaches lose them, players without moustaches wake up with one.
    Each player wakes up with an extra limb or without one.
    You wake up on another continent.
    You are gifted a pouch of fairy dust that is actually just itching or sneezing powder.
    Whenever you speak, you bawk like a chicken. You cannot hear it as bawking. Anyone trying to explain to you that you’re bawking will register upon you as saying they can’t hear you and you need to talk louder.
    Shave half a beard or mustache.
    Put a fake spider/insect/monster in their sleeping bag. Or real ones.
    Woopie cushion under the horses saddle.
    Wrap all their gear in thick vines.
    Stuff moss into the toes of their boots so they think their shoes shrunk.
    Switch some of their coins for the chocolate covered variety.
    Make them think their sword or pet or hat can talk to them.
    The classic ‘kick me’ sign on their back.
    Freeze an item inside a block of ice.
    Hide something like fish guts somewhere in they won’t easily find and let it slowly rot and stink up everything.
    Hide a cricket in their gear somewhere, remind the players constantly of the chirrping.
    Wanted posters up everywhere with their faces on it. Bonus points if crime is something embarrassing.
    Poke holes in the bottom of their waterskin.
    Leaves an obviously magical stone in the middle of your camp. What it does is hidden from you. Any attempts to discover the magic make absolutely no sense. But it is definitely doing something. (Something like attracting snails to a place one mile away from it, something no reasonable player would ever have reason to figure out.)
    The entire camp is found floating 10 feet in the air. Even the campfire. Getting down is difficult.
    They all wake up with the same face for one hour.
    A player wakes up with a bloody, severed head in his sleeping bag. Once held it screams and bursts into a bunch of moths.
    The player sees the world in black and white for the rest of the day.
    The player sees the world in inverted colour for the rest of the day.
    The player wakes up on top of a tree, along with all their heavy gear, backpacks, knapsacks, and even sleeping bags and tent, if they have those. if they slept in a cart or something, that gets taken up too. Naturally, they’ll all fall out of the tree immediately.
    Someone turned all our armor bright pink!
    The player’s helmet smells heavily of cheese for the rest of the day.
    Someone cast Enlarge/Reduce on the player’s clothing. Needless to say, it no longer fits.
    Confetti everywhere! Or glitter. Or Faerie fire. Just something brightly coloured and with a tendency to get everywhere.
    All stealth gear (lockpicks, hidden daggers, etc) glows in the dark.
    The entire camp is now covered in faerie dragons who won’t leave the players alone. They make random comments all the time and are generally unhelpful and irritating. They go away after a few hours.
    The next time a weapon is drawn, POOF, it’s now a rubber chicken and pixie dust is everywhere. Squeezing it makes a dumb noise. It turns back after a few rounds.
    A Satyr follows a person playing theme music.
    Pixies cast a glamour spell on the ugliest person in the party. Suddenly that PC is a gorgeous female elf.
    A dryad wishes someone to stay and talk with them. She casts a root spell, if the PC stops for more than a min the PC feet start to root in place.
    A PC suddenly has a trail of small saplings following him where that PC goes.
    You are gifted a fire breathing chicken that lays spicy eggs.
    You are polymorphed into a chipmunk. It can only be broken by you receiving damage.
    Everyone in the party look like the same person. (it’s who the pixies think is ugliest)
    Every time a bag is opened it makes a fart sound.
    Bright lights appear as soon as someone says the word Stealth and won’t disappear until someone not in the party sees you.
    A rhinoceros is stampeding down the thin path. It’s a pretty obvious illusion without a shadow or footprints that passes through anyone harmlessly if they don’t move. Anyone that the illusion passes through now smells like a sweaty stinky rhinoceros.
    The party finds a fruit tree growing a variety of fruits and vegetables, even kinds that don’t grow on trees. They are perfectly fine to eat, but none of them taste how they look. (The banana tastes like potato, the broccoli tastes like orange, etc. )
    Everyone’s ears have been changed into donkey ears.
    One of the party finds themselves uncomfortable and unable to sleep thus losing the benefits of a long rest and instead becoming exhausted. A single pea placed under their bedroll is the cause. If planted, the pea will sprout into a magical beanstalk.
    One of the party (any gender) starts to feel increasingly bloated and nauseous over the course of three days. They are far more hungry and crave odd combinations of food. They wake up on the fourth day to find a large egg in bed with them as though they have laid it. The egg eventually hatches into a really ridiculous and ugly leggy bird that runs off laughing (or another creature of the GM’s discretion.)
    You happen across a traveling merchant offering excellent deals. All his goods and even his change are fake. (transformed sticks, leaves, dirt, old boots, etc.)
    The party is dumped into a hedge maze that cheats by re-arranging itself.
    Many small fairies are helping a gigantic elderly snail slowly cross the road. It will take an hour for it to cross. The fairies warn you not to leave the path in the mean time. Will-o’-wisps lurk on the borders as a warning. Anyone who does leave the path hoping to simply walk around the snail finds themselves instantly transported into a confusing and thorny hedge-maze that takes more than an hour to escape from.
    Your coins have been enchanted with magic mouths to tell bad puns. They insult your poverty, your social status, merchants, and any goods you are trying to buy.
    Everyone’s boots and shoes are now only left-footed. This fixes after 24 hours.
    Your team is followed around by a troop of squirrels. Whenever you say a certain, fairly common word, they bombard you with walnuts.
    Replace all of your arrow heads with red berries. (If first pulled out in battle the PC might not notice before firing one or two.)
    The afflicted player REALLY needs to sneeze, but can’t.
    The entire party gets the hiccups.
    The afflicted player feels uncomfortably warm, no matter the environment.
    The afflicted player has an itch in an unreachable part of their back. Whoever itches it is afflicted next.
    The PCs’ clothes become bound to their bodies and turn into dancing outfits. The PCs also lose the ability to speak and always dance when trying to move, battle or interact with something. Lasts one day.
    The PCs gain traits of various forest animals (deer antlers, squirrel tail, etc.)
    A random PC’s hands turn into bushes. Strange berries that grow on these bushes also apply that same effect when consumed.
    The skin and hair of the PCs now have unusual and bright coloring.
    The PCs are still completely aware, but their bodies are controlled by the pranker. She makes them do sinchronised dancing for 1 hour.
    A random PC’s hair becomes 10 times longer than before and stops being affected by gravity.
    A random PC starts to grow long, soft, brightly colored fur out of their neck and wrists.
    The PCs’ clothes turn into very expencive and beautiful outfits. The PCs also can only use very formal words in a conversation.
    The PCs are transformed into furniture and dishes needed for a tea party. They can still see and hear, but can’t willingly interact with the world in any way. The pranker and her friends appear out of nowhere to sit down, drink a cup of tea and gossip.
    The PCs and all their equipment appear black and white to everyone, including themselves.
    A random female PC gets an unremovable flower crown, but every flower in that crown is 3 times bigger than that PC’s head.
    The PCs are transformed into tiny pink dragons with glitter breath. The effect lasts for 2d4 hours.
    The pranker hosts a game show where the PCs are the players, and not getting your hands transformed into tree branches for 7 days is the main prize.
    Cast prestidigitation to make a black cloud float over someone’s head wherever they go. Including indoors.

fey mutations
    1. Transparent skin: easily mistaken for undead.
    2. White coloured iris,
    3. White coloured pupils.
    4. White coloured irises and pupils.
    5. Body covered in fine white down.
    6. Fox tail (all breeches/dresses/skirts must be custom made)
    7. Butterfly tongue: long, sensitive, coiled and black like liquorice rope .
    8. Violet eyes.
    9. Always smells of lavender oil.
    10.Faeces laced with iron pyrite: uneducated souls will mistake it for gold.
    11. Skin constantly crawling with ants.
    12. Vulnerable to iron.
    13. Saliva will crystalise after 1d4 rounds.
    14. Eyes are entirely black.
    15. Cannot carry metal (including coins)
    16. Unable to cross running water while awake.
    17. Blue hair.
    18. Always smells of rosewater.
    19. Black-coloured blood.
    20. All meat is poisonous.
    21. Locust-type wings: entirely useless, but all shirts/jackets/ coats/ armour must be tailored.
    22. Body covered in quills, like a shorn turkey.
    23. Ram horns.
    24. Skin, muscle, blood vessels, and tendons of one hand entirely invisible: looks skeletal.
    25. Appears morbidly obese but weighs next-to-nothing.
    26. Crimson coloured hair.
    27. Extra set of teeth.
    28. Eyes in the palm of each hand.
    29. Arachnid eyes (eight)
    30. Fingers of one hand are slender serpents.
    31. Bat's ears (but cannot use echolocation).
    32. Eyes like a snake.
    33. Completely hairless.
    34. Covered in downy feathers, like a fledgling bird.
    35. Always sweating.
    36. Six fingers on each hand.
    37. Small human face on the back of head: it is conscious but has no means by which to communicate (it has no throat).
    38. Blood is colourless. Cannot blush, always looks peaky.
    39. Badger tail.
    40. Two antennae growing from forehead.
    41. Skin changes colour with mood, like an octopus or a chameleon.
    42. Sentient, psychic tapeworm lives in lower intestine.
    43. Bird wings: entirely useless, requires tailoring, but will be perceived by peasants as an angel.
    44. Always smells of jasmine.
    45. Leaves a trail of pollen wherever they go.
    46. Mouth in centre of forehead. Not connected to throat or oesophagus, but occasionally moves as if speaking. Has teeth.
    47. Antelope horns.
    48. Silver-coloured hair.
    49. Sweats blood.
    50. Constantly followed by small rodents.
    51. Sings like a bird.
    52. Naturally nocturnal, sluggish in natural light.
    53. Mushrooms grow out of any wounds. They are psychedelic, of course.
    54. Retractable cat claws.
    55. Cannot eat dairy products (will be poisoned).
    56. Saliva can cause mild skin irritation in others.
    57. Always smells of aniseed.
    58. Violet hair.
    59. Peacock tail. Requires custom tailoring.
    60. Always followed by a robin.
    61. Can crudely mimic others, like a raven or a jackdaw. Compulsive.
    62. Skin constantly crawling with beetles.
    63. Always levitating half an inch off the ground.
    64. No eyelids, instead has a nicitating membranes on each eye, like a tuatara.
    65. Can spin low quality silk from an organ in an embarrassing and inconvenient place.
    66. Gills in neck: very inefficient, cannot breathe underwater but can hold breath twice as long.
    67. No fingerprints.
    68. Identical in appearance to one parent at the same age.
    69. Small mouths on fingertips, each one with tiny teeth and a miniature tongue like a gecko.
    70. Eyes always appear closed but can see (eyelids function like one-way glass).
    71. Always smells of decaying lilies.
    72. Footsteps kill all vegetation.
    73. Golden or amber eyes.
    74. Fingernails made of bronze or silver (excruciatingly painful to remove but will regrow)
    75. All creatures within five feet hear faint whispers of bizarre and alien things.
    76. Bat wings. Functionally useless, require tailored garments, but peasants will mistake for a daemon.
    77. Vertical mouth. Looks a bit like a vagina.
    78. Always smells of sulphur.
    79. Always smells of chocolate.
    80. Leaves a trail of mushrooms in their footsteps.
    81. No/additional eyes.
    82. Six-inch-long fingers.
    83. Snake Fangs.
    84. Goat legs.
    85. Butterfly wings. Functionally useless but will require clothing to be specially tailored.
    86. Petals for hair.
    87. Green/Violet/Blue/Grey/Black/ White skin.
    88. Sleek coat of fur, like a greyhound or a deer.
    89. Crown of holly growing from forehead.
    90. Long hooked fingernails.
    91. Teeth made of glass/flint/silver
    92. Weeping blood.
    93. Surrounded by swarming butterflies.
    94. Flowers grow in their footsteps.
    95. Surrounded by mist.
    96. Glows with a radiant inner light.
    97. Thorns grow out of their skin where the bone is close to the surface.
    98. Skin appears to be made of chrome.
    99. Antlers (go Analicia!)
    100. Spiders crawling all over their skin.

Fey Questions
    What is the sound of a shadow? 

    Why is a weather vane so indecisive? 

    How is the moon like a mug of ale? 

    What is myname? (not a typo, just watch as others argue whether or not you're asking for the NPC's name or what a "Myname" is.) 

    When a Druid shapchanges, where do his clothes go? 

    How is it that grass grows but rocks don’t? 

    What is your significance in the realm of why? 

    Why does a Lark sound so fluidly? 

    If buttons hold your clothes what holds the buttons? 

    Why must your shirt be so cantankerous? 

    Why is a quill so like a musician's lyre? 

    How does a staff whistle so beautifully? 

    What if a giant steps down? Are they still a giant? 

    If you walk backwards, does your shadow follow you or do you follow the shadow? 

    Are trees blind? 

    Why does a Brook babble? Does it have no shame? 

    Do you like my hat? It has its own socks. 

    Would you like to swing on a star? 

    Are you, or aren't you? If you are, then you certainly can't, and if you aren't then why won't you? 

    Where is the line between time and space? 

    Are two layers of chips with melted cheese in between a sandwich? 

    Who TRULY let the dogs out? 

    Is this violence in our nature simply the image of our maker? 

    Could you use necromancy on a book? It is, after all, a collection of dead trees. 

    What purpose do dots serve in written language? 

    How do you know your god’s the right one to follow? 

    Is the world more like a puppet on a string or a dog on a leash? 

    Who shaves the barber? 

    What about violence is cyclical? 

    What if those who are raving mad are in the right? 

    Are means justified by ends? 

    What purpose do games serve? 

    Is a good story a good way to pick a ruler? 

    What is worse, evil or chaos? 

    Are we alone right now? 

    Why did the basilisk cross the road? 

    If a treant falls in the forest, and no one is there to hear it, will it call out for help, or will it hope that nobody saw? 

    How many licks does it take to get to the center of a sugar golem's chest cavity? 

    Why is it that everytime my dog looks at me he seems to have some sort of question in mind, but then he turns around and starts licking his butt? 

    Who's making clothes for all those giants? Is there a giant tailor around here somewhere? Or is there like, one giant Mom making everybody's clothes? I don't get it. 

    Is it true you can tell how old rich people are by cutting them in half and counting their rings? 

    Why do leprechauns keep their money in a pot? Why can't they just keep it in a purse, like everybody else? What happens if they go to the store and they forgot where their pot's is? Do they steal crap from the store? That seems a little excessive. 

    Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight? Me neither. That guy's a douche. 

    Why is that dude over there staring at us? 

    What makes you think I won't cut you? 

    Why don't the mountains crack under the weight of the sky? 

    What's harder: watching your weight, or waiting for your watch? 

    Do Modrons dream of mechanical sheep? 

    Haven't you heard? (any response warrants an enthused answer) 

    If a bear shits in the woods and no one is around does it make a sound? 

    If you punch yourself and it hurts, does that make you strong or weak? 

    Can God make a rock so massive that God himself cannot move it? 

    Do you see what I see? 

    What do I have in my pocket? 

    How many times do you have to tell a lie before it becomes the truth? 

    If you can cross the boundaries of one plane of existence into another, how can those planes be truly infinite? How can something that has boundaries be infinite? 

    Which came first: the chicken or the egg? 

    Why do they say a river runs through the land when it's always there? 

    Does my reflection see me in the mirror? 

    Why do cats always land on their feet while bread always lands on its butter? 

    If you butter a cat's back and drop it, will it land on its feet, or on its butter? 

    How do you take your ale? One lump or two? 

    Have you thought you met me yet? 

    Trees are wood but can they? 

    A cow will moo but to who? 

    If a fire is in its place but it isn't a fire place is the fire in its place or does the place have a fire? 

    A candle burnt at both ends, which side falls first? 

    If you are routed on your route do you get there faster? 

    Why can a trap be sprung and a spring be set while a trap can be set but a spring can't sprung? 

    Can a fish drink you under the table? 

    How can the butterfly, yet the lard cannot? 

    Did you choose where the moon would be in the sky when you were born? 

    How is a raven like a writing desk? 

    One eye sees a sight a second eye can also see, but the second sees the sight as second truth. One sight the same, but living separate lives. Which eye knows best? If either knows at all. 

    Can I choke you to death? 

    Do you know the difference between choking and strangulation? 

    Why do humans have so many gods? 

    Why is a chicken? 

    How many beans make five? 

    How soon is now? 

    Which way is morning? 

    You're alive, you change, you're dead- who are you next, may I be your ghost while you are gone? 

    If you hadn't never ever but you could, would you and why? 

    When you toss the coin, does the coin not toss back? 

    Which maker does the mark serve, when all change is off the counter? 

    The whole point of the apple is the seeds- why must you spit split and discard those of The Core? 

    Plant me a seed that I may saw the tree, wood you? 

    North's exclusive set from sister South, yet one man's east is another man's west- to who does your compass point? 

    What's updog? 

    Is a hotdog a sandwich or a taco? 

    Is water wet? 

    Can I have your name? 

    How do you plan on getting here? 

    What is is? 

    Who watches the watchmen watching the watchers watched by the watchers watching the watchmen? And where are the watchwomen? 

    Where is nowhere? 

    When will then be now? 

    Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? 

    If the planes are infinite, and the Gods are all-powerful, would you like a toasted tea-cake? 

    What is the last question? 

fey bargains
    The character no longer has a shadow.
    The character has forgotten their own name. No one will remember them, even close friends and family.
    Every time you sleep, you only dream of yourself lying awake and wake up less rested than before.
    You can no longer distinguish left and right.
    Every day, your eyes, change their color.
    You become obsessed by kittens.
    From now on, every pet you see, you see it as an evil monster.
    You can no longer perceive the color (d6:) 1. Red; 2. Orange; 3. Yellow; 4. Green; 5. Blue; 6. Purple
    Anytime you touch something that is the color (d6) it automatically turns (d6). (d6:) 1. Red; 2. Orange; 3. Yellow; 4. Green; 5. Blue; 6. Purple
    Your blood is perceived as (d6) by everyone except you. (d6:) 1. Red; 2. Orange; 3. Yellow; 4. Green; 5. Blue; 6. Purple
    You are physically incapable of looking anyone directly in the eyes.
    The next time you see a frog, it will loudly proclaim that if you kiss it it will become a prince. Whether or not it really does is decided by the DM.
    Water always feels very cold to you.
    Your breathing is always loud and obnoxious.
    You can speak to the trees. They only talk about boring topics such as politics and the weather, but will not listen to anything you have to say.
    Looking at a corpse that is more than 1 year old causes you to instantly vomit.
    Touching gloves makes your hands feel like they are getting stung by bees.
    Touching rope whatsoever gives you rope burn instantly.
    Anytime you see holy water, you get a great urge to down the whole bottle.
    Every time you see a bear, you perceive it as a 60 year old human wearing a bear costume.
    When it rains, you perceive every droplet as a human face.
    Even the smallest explosion looks like a nuclear detonation to you.
    Ogres look incredibly beautiful to you and nymphs seem hideous.
    Everything you eat tastes like chicken.
    Suddenly, only trolls find you to be attractive. When seen by a troll, you will be aggressively sought after for a long term relationship.
    You can hear with supernatural precision, but to do so you have to wear the most ridiculous hat anyone has ever seen. In fact, the hat induces immediate laughter to any who see it being worn.
    You now have the ability to fly short distances, but only if your eyes are closed.
    You can’t use your eyes and ears at the same time anymore. One must be covered in order to use the other. Trying to use both eyes and ears will result in audio or visual hallucinations.
    Sitting causes you physical pain – you can only stand up or lay down.
    Your sneezes produce sparkling dust.
    Goblins now look like beautiful women.
    You must give yourself a pep talk every morning.
    Your most used magic item that requires a verbal component is replaced by an embarrassing nickname.
    All coins look like gold to you.
    One language you know is replaced with screaming but you think it’s normal.
    You don’t believe in having a small fire anymore.
    The voice of the last person you killed tells you things about their life no one wants to know.
    Cats meows now sound like orc battle cries to you.
    Fingernails tell short stories about what you have done clipping/ biting them causes you to forget what happened but eating the nail returns the memory.
    A talking flea now lives in your nose.
    The taste of citris now tastes like blood.
    Your hair is a kleptomaniac.
    Your skin becomes hot pink direct sun light.
    Your eyes look like the eyes of the person you talk to.
    Your blood is now alabaster white.
    The sound of a bell turned your known languages into horse neighs.
    On a full moon you think and act like you have transformed into a lycanthrope but in fact don’t.
    You think you are the worlds greatest bard.
    At midnight you recite strange lines from musicals you have never heard.
    You are unable to fall asleep anywhere except outside, at night, in a place where the stars are visible.
    You are cursed with mildly aggravating misfortune. Once per day out of combat, at random, you make a skill check with disadvantage.
    You can no longer conceive of “eleven.”
    You lose d4 letters of your name.
    You lose d6 inches of height.
    You owe a pound of flesh – you can choose which pound if you remove it yourself.
    You can only read the written word backwards – usually from right to left.
    You cannot use any word beginning with the letter “t”.
    You age backwards (but this will not prolong your life).
    You gain extreme sensitivity to moonlight.
    Your childhood pet always appears to you to be in the room, but no one else can see it.
    One of your friends was never born, although you retain memories of them.
    You can no longer form new bird-related memories.
    Your self-image will always be of whatever you are currently wearing – no matter what you wear you will always see yourself wearing the same clothes.
    All water tastes oily.
    You always smell strongly of flowers – it’s a little overwhelming.
    The concept of death is unbearably sad, so that you burst into tears whenever it comes up.
    All elves look the same to you.
    You lose your most treasured memory.
    Lose all memories of a loved one. This loved one may be from the character’s past, or a future loved one. Tough to recognize, unless this character disagrees with the number of people in a group.
    You shall spread wealth wherever you go but never hold this wealth yourself.
    Your firstborn shall carve out a great destiny but will be taken from you at the moment of its birth, either through the fey arriving and taking it or its mortal body arriving as a still birth and it’s soul being born into the fey wild.
    You shall lead a great Kingdom for 10 years but it will then fall into ruin due to your efforts.
    You gain the beauty of the gods as long as you view yourself in a mirror each day, if not your beauty will corrupt into necrotic horror.
    You shall conceive a full family but lose one of them on their 11th birthday to the fey.
    Children and animals will always know their location.
    Character is unable to see the color blue or green as it blends perfectly into the background.
    Every time the character swears their servitude at the end of their lives extends by 1 year.
    There will be a surprise when they get home. What they find will belong to the fey in 5 years time.
    Both of the character’s eyes are now the entirely the color of what their irises used to be.
    The character now unwillingly slips Sylvian words into their everyday speech and cannot be brought aware of it.
    Vines and leaves will now be sparsingly intermingled with the character’s hair and body hair.
    You can no longer go outside unless it’s pouring rain.
    From now on when you sleep, you will not wake without someone performing the same ceremony. While sleeping you do not age, require sustenance, or suffer non-lethal damage.
    You age twice as fast. Cutting you time on earth in half.
    Once every year on the night of the summer solstice you are magically summoned to a place far beyond your recognition. There you will be given one task that you would give your life to complete.
    You must marry the Fae you are bargaining with.
    The would becomes cold, ever so cold. Warmth becomes something impossible for you to feel.
    One tenth of all gold you earn disappears as a tribute to the Fae.
    You will become aware of the exact time of your death.
    Your fist born child will die at the age of eleven. You will have a first born child.
    A secret will be revealed that will make you hate someone you loved.
    Your knees become fused. You loose the ability to run.
    The character is convinced they can talk to plants, despite having no ability to do so.
    Describe or name a specific type of beast. All creatures of this kind are now enamoured with you, however you are now slightly allergic to them.
    The character’s ears enlarge when they are caught lying. The character’s ears shrink when they tell the truth and are not believed.
    The character can no longer go to sleep without making a stone circle around themselves.
    The character glows in artificial light.
    The character eats and drinks messily and noisily, no matter how hard the player tries to prevent this.
    The character emits a melodious ringing noise every time they yawn, sneeze or burp.
    The character’s eyes are inversed in colour; the irises are now white and the whites are the colour of the irises.
    The exact center link of a chain holding up a chandelier in a place you've yet to visit
    The seed of the oldest tree in the forest
    The first bottle of wine you find
    This week, ring the local church bells every night at midnight
    Your shadow
    An ancient map
    Your ability to dream
    Blood of the next person you meet that you learn has harmed a child
    The key to a broken lock
    A dying person's most prized possession
    Every time you sneeze from now on, you must say "thank you" to the fey.
    The first word you speak to someone new must be the word "squish"
    Your ability to ask for help
    The deed to a tavern
    Your favorite weapon
    A wood carving of a beaver using only your bare hands, fingernails, and teeth.
    A coin made of the purest silver
    A lock of hair from a child you've never met.
    A piece of fruit from a tree you planted
    A full-length mirror
    A book of mushroom recipes
    Mix up all the headstones in a local graveyard
    A shovel made of water
    Three hours of posing for them to enjoy your beauty
    A small diorama of a shipwreck with 3 survivors. One survivor must be you.
    Give them a tattoo of a dog fighting a snake
    Pay back the largest debt you owe within two weeks
    A jar of honey mixed with mint
    Dress like a jester during every new moon
    The most awkward thing in your possession
    A dog's favorite toy
    A jar containing the sound of the song of a nanny
    A new name
    The story of the first time you saw your father cry
    Every hair on your arm, which you must pluck one by one and put into a bag
    For you to walk with a pebble in your shoe for the next month
    Your eyebrows
    The biggest lie you've ever told
    A bedtime story
    Every bottle of wine in the cellar of the tavern where you last drank
    The oldest thing you own
    One of your teeth
    A sketch of a dragon
    A portrait of a family you don't know
    All the barstools from a local tavern
    An eyepatch from someone with one eye
    A thriving beehive
    A letter of recommendation from you
    A month's supply of edible mushrooms
    A lacquered box with silk and lace lining
    A hairless cat
    A copy of your favorite book
    A heartfelt letter written by you to your mother
    A weekly letter about your adventures
    A bag of coffee
    A jigsaw puzzle with missing pieces or a deck of cards with missing cards
    A dress made entirely out of leaves
    Yesterday's memories
    A pit filled with snakes
    A written list of all unfinished business you have yet to complete
    The name of the tallest mountain written on a rock
    The most recent lie you told to anyone present
    The local mayor's front door
    1 coin of platinum
    1 gold tooth from someone's mouth
    A wagon full of manure
    A freshly baked pumpkin pie
    A live fish that's been in a bucket for seven days
    A vial of holy water, a vial of poison, and a vial of mercury
    A magnifying glass or telescope
    A twig from the crookedest tree in the woods
    Use sand to fill every drawer in the guest rooms at a local inn
    A jar of fireflies
    Teach them how to read
    A basket of paintbrushes made from horse hair
    Three living porcupines
    The mayor's spittoon
    A letter of rejection from a guild, city, or university
    A black turtle and a red butterfly, alive
    An opaque hourglass that precisely counts an hour
    A piece of amber with a preserved insect within it
    A bottle of perfume from a royal court
    Three sealed envelopes with wax seals from different cities
    Blood from an animal known to eat human flesh
    For everyone present to exchange all their clothes with someone else for the day
    A set of blank dice
    A map of a graveyard or church grounds
    Deliver their friend crocodile to a swamp 50 miles away
    Replace the baker's salt canisters with sugar without them knowing
    A handful of raisins and a cup of milk
    To share your mind for a day
    Read a book to them
    Get them booked to sing at the local tavern
    Judge a sprite & dragonfly jousting tournament
    Give them a full tour of a castle
    Create a trail of bread crumbs from the bakery to a lonely shack in the woods
    Crash a local wedding or funeral and bring a hat or shoe of a family member
    Unblock the hot springs in the local town
    Help beavers build a large dam
    Traverse a nearby cave system and place a banner on a high ledge

Archfey antics
    has a realm named after failed dreams
        The Wealth of Kings

        My Father's Return

        A Mother's Love

        Coin From Passersby

        Death By Her Hand

        A Hero's Journey

        A Heroic Death

        To Sail the Seas

        A Single Kiss

        To Forget His Eyes

        Their hand in marriage ( u/The_King_in_Purple )

        A conscience free of guilt ( u/The_King_in_Purple )

        To live forever ( u/The_King_in_Purple )

        To return home ( u/The_King_in_Purple )

        A lover's forgiveness ( u/The_King_in_Purple )

        To remember youthful memories ( u/The_King_in_Purple )

        Freedom from slavery ( u/The_King_in_Purple )

        To conquer addiction ( u/The_King_in_Purple )

        To walk again ( u/The_King_in_Purple )

        Never fail ( u/RenningerJP )

        Mother's approval ( u/RenningerJP )

        Forlorn forgiveness ( u/RenningerJP )

        Thwarted redemption ( u/RenningerJP )

        Love and beauty ( u/RenningerJP )

        A moment's respite ( u/RenningerJP )

        Apotheosis apparent ( u/supersnes1 )

        Some peace and quiet ( u/W4llys_3go )

        To keep the dog that followed me home ( u/W4llys_3go )

        Friends ( u/W4llys_3go )

        Hope for the helpless ( u/W4llys_3go )

        Hope you’re made helpless ( u/W4llys_3go )

        A river in a dry land ( u/W4llys_3go )

        A heartbeat for a tin man ( u/W4llys_3go )

        Power over all ( u/MEKK-the-MIGHTY )

        The magic of the druids ( u/MEKK-the-MIGHTY )

        Expose his secret ( u/MEKK-the-MIGHTY )

        The first Orc to brave the Feywild ( u/MEKK-the-MIGHTY )

        Steal their dreams ( u/MEKK-the-MIGHTY )

        Succeed alone without assistance ( u/MEKK-the-MIGHTY )

        Respect From Society ( u/MEKK-the-MIGHTY )

        Protect my people ( u/MEKK-the-MIGHTY )

        Lead her army ( u/MEKK-the-MIGHTY )

        Together At Last ( u/1d2RedShoes )

        My Name Remembered ( u/1d2RedShoes )

        Keep Her Safe ( u/1d2RedShoes )

        Return the Light in His Eyes ( u/1d2RedShoes )

        Waiting for Me Beneath the Old Cork Tree ( u/1d2RedShoes )

        Incandescent ambition ( u/texmex42 )

        Little boots of hope ( u/texmex42 )

        Evergreen elation ( u/texmex42 )

        The Sage's secret ( u/texmex42 )

        Scent of home ( u/texmex42 )

        Carpets of capital ( u/texmex42 )

        The Call of the chase ( u/texmex42 )

        The heaviness of crown ( u/texmex42 )

        A loved one's return ( u/definitely_joe )

        The cry of a child ( u/definitely_joe )

        For Fame and Glory ( u/definitely_joe )

        To Master One's Art ( u/definitely_joe )

        Remembered Fondly ( u/makin_more_nanobots )

        A Perfect Wedding ( u/makin_more_nanobots )

        A Child Hale and Hearty ( u/makin_more_nanobots )

        The Life Not Lived ( u/Mnemossin )

        Fiend's favour ( u/Mnemossin )

        Teeth for teeth ( u/Mnemossin )

        Secrets Made Known ( u/Mnemossin )

        Enough Food For A Day ( u/SauceMemer )

        Lift her long black veil ( u/llover14 )

        My kingdom for a horse ( u/llover14 )

        To bring back the dead ( u/Vat1canCame0s ) (ps love the username)

        To rule my rival ( u/Vat1canCame0s )

        To wear warmth in wintertime ( u/Vat1canCame0s )

        A harvest haul to hail health ( u/Vat1canCame0s )

        Grandmother's Warmth ( u/Kami-Kahzy )

        Wealth Unending ( u/Kami-Kahzy )

        A Fulfilling Life ( u/Kami-Kahzy )

        Courage in Adversity ( u/Kami-Kahzy )

        Warm Her Heart ( u/Kami-Kahzy )

        Acceptance at Home ( u/Kami-Kahzy )

        Just One More Day ( u/Kami-Kahzy )

        A Piece of the Moon ( u/Kami-Kahzy )

        Conquer the Tyrant ( u/Kami-Kahzy )

        Belong Somewhere ( u/Kami-Kahzy )

        Tears from a stone ( u/t0tallyn0tab0tbr0 )

        To See One More Sunrise ( u/t0tallyn0tab0tbr0 )

        The Altar of Vain Glory ( u/EdwardClay1983 )

        Blood Of The Unworthy Spilt ( u/ThePlumbOne )

        Eternal Youth ( u/ThePlumbOne )

        To Forget ( u/ThePlumbOne )

        To Never Forget (insp by u/ThePlumbOne )

        His Lying Tongue ( u/ThePlumbOne )

        To Fly Once More ( u/ThePlumbOne )

        Sovereignty from duty ( u/Retconnn )

        To return from exile ( u/Retconnn )

        To See Again ( u/snowballnya51 )

        To Never See Again ( u/snowballnya51 )

        A Fresh Start ( u/Tommy_The_Homie )

        To Be Judged For My Acts ( u/MaxSizeIs )

        To Escape His Hand (insp by u/Retconnn )

        Reclaim My Mantle ( u/Retconnn )
    stole a party member
        Needed them to judge a beauty contest between rocks.

        Wanted them to try a new drink they created.

        Lost an important leaf that needed to be found.

        Murdered a trespasser and needed help burying the body.

        Wanted to tell them a story.

        Saw an interesting bug.

        Decided to throw them into a gladiatorial arena with some opponents because they wanted to place bets on something.

        Trying out a new song.

        Wants the PC to be their “wingman”, but the bar/tavern/local hangout is full of wooden standees of various humanoids. MightyMrFish

        Wants the PC to be their “wing man”, which involves the PC piggybacking on the Archfey and flapping their arms. MightyMrFish

        Just wants someone to talk to, ya know? MightyMrFish

        Needs help remembering a song, but the Archfey only remembers the first few notes. MightyMrFish

        Wants to eat a certain type of food (or drink a drink) that, in their opinion, only the PC can do "right". AmhranDeas

        Needs the PCs help building a fort (which turns out to be made of household items stolen from homes on the material plane) AmhranDeas

        Wants the PC to act as a play-by-play narrator as the archfey and their friends do something (like dance, or art, or something sportsy) AmhranDeas

        Wants the PC to explain some concept to them that they're having trouble understanding (and will ask "but why?" endlessly) AmhranDeas

        Is creating a new language and wants the PC to learn it too, so they can converse in code. AmhranDeas

        Is making a costume and needs the PC to model it for them. AmhranDeas

        One of the extras in the play they're directing got eaten by the on set Displacer Beast (don't ask.) VVitchDoggo

        They needed help moving. (“Third floor walk up, the piano is gonna be a doozy.”) JohnKellyDraws

        Wanted them to see their one-fey show at a local improv theater. JohnKellyDraws

        Needed someone to feed/walk their blink dogs while they were on vacation. JohnKellyDraws

        In a fit of rage (or boredom) the Archfey ate a word, thus removing it from the vocabularies of every single spoken and written language and from the minds of all beings past, present, and future and wants help finding a replacement. MightyMrFish

        They have a date coming over and promised to cook them dinner. Wants the PC's help cooking. And by help, they mean that the PC has to cook them and their date dinner. Then leave before the date starts. A_Heckin_Goblin

        The archfey found where all fey familiars go when they're incorporeal and needs help literally herding cats. A_Heckin_Goblin

        Needs a new color to dye their hair, but wants something original. All the old colors are so passé. A_Heckin_Goblin

        The archfey accidentally invented the toaster and wants to get rid of it because it's weird. A_Heckin_Goblin

        They just found out about chocolate milk and wants help testing if other things can be chocolatified. sanorace

        They ate one too many shooms and now they're freaking out and need someone there to help them come down. sanorace

        They need help wrapping last minute Candlenights presents. sanorace

        Wants him to act as chaperone for his daughter who is attending a dance. Sobek6

        Wants him to deliver a package. Captnlunch

        The Archfey is going on vacation and needs him to 'take care of things' while gone. Captnlunch

        Lost their “chess piece” (escaped captive) and needs a replacement. Shmegdar

        They are playing a game with friends and need an even number of people. ShreddieKirin

        They got roped into babysitting but know nothing about childcare. ShreddieKirin

        You're being taken on a date. Yes, a date-date. ShreddieKirin

        Do you have three copper pieces? ShreddieKirin

        Their friends won't believe they actually have a human "friend". ShreddieKirin

        The archfey is trying to find the most annoying sound in the world; they've narrowed it down to 200 candidates, and want the PC to listen to them all and give their opinion. Vote_for_Knife_Party

        The archfey wants to experience being trapped in a pure void, but is scared of the dark and wants someone to hold their hand while they do it. Vote_for_Knife_Party

        The archfey's candle holder broke, and they demand that the PC stand there silently while wearing a brass-colored outfit and hold a pair of candles while the archfey reads. Vote_for_Knife_Party

        The archfey's dance group is short a person, and they need a replacement. Don't worry about the steps, they've got a set of magic shoes that know the entire routine... all 40 hours of it. Vote_for_Knife_Party

        The fey are having an Olympic-style competition, and someone thought it would be neat to make a normal mortal compete, to really show how much better the actual trained athletes are compared to "normal people". Vote_for_Knife_Party

        The archfey is preparing for a contest against a rival, and recruits the PC to help them train. The PC only experiences about 5 minutes of time, as the entire training period is reduced to a montage set to upbeat music; the PC has no knowledge of what happened in the unseen "gaps" between montage segments. Vote_for_Knife_Party

        A croquis model is needed for a class of young noblefey. (M/F, whatever floats your boat). All the character will say for a while upon return is "Oh the horror, the shame... The GIGGELING!!! " Whimper ambrosius13

        Wants a day off, so it grabs a character and dumps him/her on the throne. Then it goes fishing. ambrosius13

        Needs help changing seasonal costumes on the garden gnomes (really a clan of Redcaps dominated to stand in place). Also they need a bath... ambrosius13

        Wants the library sorted. Heard about this Dewy-fellow... ambrosius13

        "I need you to..... what was it.? ? Oh darn I forgot... Well hang around a bit, I'm sure to remember soon." ambrosius13

        Needs a judge for the Nyad / Kelpie / Dryad / Nymph / etc beauty pageant. ambrosius13

        "FIND LORD SNUGGLEPUFF THE EVERLOVING!" (The daughters adopted stray kitten. -it's quite feral...) ambrosius13

        Wants the (quite ungraspable) concept og personal hygine explained to the court. AGAIN!!! ambrosius13

        Wants the castle redecorated. ambrosius13

Fey effects on visitors
    Character fell in love and had a child, the child has grown into adulthood. Person can only vaguely remember child or other parent of child.

    Character fell in love in the Feywild, doesn't remember name or face of new lover, but no longer has feelings for previous lovers.

    Character no longer needs to sleep. Effect goes away in 1-4 months.

    Character now has darkvision 30ft. Range extends by 30' if already has darkvision. Effect lasts 1-4 months.

    Movement leaves trails of fairy dust. Effect lasts 1-12 days.

    Spellcasting uses fairy dust instead of material components 2-24 days.

    Burst of creativity. Can write music/poetry for 1-12 days.

    Hair colour changes to blond/summer court. White/winter court.

    Skin glows with a golden glow/ summer court. Skin has turned white/winter court.

    You have become immune to necrotic damage. Effect lasts for 2-24 days.

    Alcoholic beverages taste bland. Effect lasts for 3-36 days.

    You’ve learned Elven. Effect is permanent.

    You've learned the language of Fey creature,

    You’ve learned to play a musical instrument. Effect is permanent.

    Character gets +1 with bows. Vaguely remembers being instructed by fey bow master.

    Confused about time, for 1-4 days will use wrong tenses when speaking.

    Become an empath for 1-4 days.

    Acquired a fey instrument, harp or flute, and the ability to play. Weird things happen when played. Emotions get heightened, long term relationships break up, other people declare their love for one another. Men challenge each other to duals, etc.

    Reduced in age by 10 years. Has a vague memory of being tricked into entering a tunnel, and then being reborn as an infant, then raised to current age by a fey-mother. Feels a strong bond with that person, but can’t remember her name or face.

    Character returns wearing a wreath of laurels or flowers on head. Examination reveals it is growing from head, can't be removed. Gives magical bonus of some kind?

    Character can understand bird songs. Effect is permanent and annoying. Birds have little to say, but say it all the time.

    Becomes a tree when sleeps, can only sleep when in contact with earth. 2-24 days

    Acquires small animal companion. Animal is not very helpful.

    Knowledgeable in fey lore. DC 15 wis/int check to know history.

    Character has pointed ears. If already pointed, ears are larger and points exaggerated.

    Skin has turned green. Able to exist on sunlight. Last 2d12 days.

    Can only speak bird language for 1-10 days. People cannot understand you, but birds can. Birds are indifferent to what you have to say.

    Wild magic surges for spellcasters. Lasts for 2-24 days.

    Character's body hair has changed to feathers. Everything from the eyebrows down.

    Character’s normal speech has the tone of being “sarcastic” or “sassy” regardless of how you intended it to sound. 4 days.

    Snow White effect; Critters (birds, squirrels, rabbits, etc) follow you around, usually immediately after you wake or during mundane activities. They can be helpful in tasks birds, squirrels and rabbits are able to do. 2-8 days.

    Character's eyes change colour, deep blue, aurora, milky way, grey with lightning flashes, black, gold, or glowing red.

    Character can smell or hear magic for 2-24 days.

    Spellcaster extra sensitive to damage, needs to make concentration checks at disadvantage. If makes check with both dice, spell no longer requires concentration. Lasts 2-16 days.

    Can "see" alignment as auras for 2-24 days.

    Character returns with 2d8 tiny bottle of wine, each heals up to 16 hit points.

    Character grows moss or ice, lasts for 1-8 days

    Character's appearance changes to that of a satyr/faun .

    Character's stomach becomes massive extradimensional space (never becomes full, and food in stomach counts as daily rations if character does not eat daily).

    Character gains cloak of shadows, but doesn't remember how.

    Hair has grown by two feet.

    Fingernails have become talons, can be used to do 1d6 slashing damage. Will revert to normal the next new moon, unless the character chooses to keep them.

    Character has learned to breath underwater, but won't discover this until next time goes swimming.

    Character has become desensitized to damage. As a result is not told how much damage they take, but can also take an additional 25%. Lasts 2-16 days.

    The character's skin is replaced with tree bark. Min AC 16, +1 bonus if already 16 or better. Bark gives character additional 16 hit points, which heals at the rate of 1 hp per 10 min. Bark skin effect goes away if character is brought below 0 hit points, but leaves character stable.

    Character can perceive dozens of fairies of all kinds, all tiny, less than an inch. Fairies refuse to interact with character in any way, except to flee in terror if character tries to interact with them.

Fey places 
    The Dancing Grove- A grove where entering causes people to hear lovely music

    Glittering Lake- Looking into this lake will not show a reflection of the user, but rather a version of them with random features of a fae creature

    Fairy Causeway- A causeway where the rocks seem to gather faires at night

    Cave of Displacement- One entering this cave during full moons may cause them to suddenly teleport to a random town

    Choking Mists- A swamp laid with permanent purple mist, which is said to cause people to hallucinate

    The Timeless Forest: A place where no PC has a feeling for any sort of time movement and what space in time they are in. They won't know how many minutes, hours, days or weeks have past due to the beautiful twilight throughout this seemingly endless Grove between the trees. Between the trees there are pools of mist that when entered bring the PCs to another place in the fey, another time or even another plane altogether (blatantly stolen from "The Magician's Nephew"). Once they emerge from this place, the same applies: It'll be up to the DMs discretion on how much time has passed.

    Firefly Coppice: This clearing of flora broken by a bioluminescent curiosity flickering in the dusk light of the Feywild, but while a casual glance may rest to weary eyes, a moment to longer can leave your defences down just staring at the dance of lights. Make a DC ██ Wisdom save to carry on to the other side of this thicket or simply walk around to avoid such hypnotic patterns.

    The River lands: a huge river delta splits the land in to dozens of small islands. Simple bridges or stepping stones connect the islands but each crossing has a different magic quality that affect those that cross.

    The Great Oak: An oak tree so huge that it stands a mile high with a trunk 500 yards wide. It is home to strange plant monstrosities and gargantuan insects. There are some people that have made there homes there but they are mostly hermits.

    The Sunshine Acre: An area of giant flower heads bathed in extreme sun light. Creatures not taking shade take radiant damage. Giant bumble Bees can be found here.

    The Weerily Well - This old stone well can be stumbled onto about midway through a journey into the feywild. It looks like a wishing well you could find on the material plane, in fact, the four gravel roads that branch off of it but abruptly end after a few feet imply that maybe it once was...Through the still, clear water players can see that the bottom of the well is glimmering with coins, though unbeknownst to them that water is the home of a water weird. If they players toss a coin in the water, the weird will reveal itself, thanking them for their kindness and confessing that it longs to hear of the outside world. It is willing to trade information: news of the outside world, for old histories or warnings of the nearby feywild dangers.

    12. The Withering Palace - The palace of Arch-fey who let it fall into disrepair after having their heart broken, letting it sink into the ground (in my world, the Unseelie side on the underside of the feywild and is literally pulling the Seelie side over so things left unattended for too long sink into the ground before emerging on the dark side of the world). The entrance is guarded by the Creeping Gardens, but if you go beneath the surface you may find many things: the Hall of Mirrors, the Quiet Room, and the souls of the servants abandoned along with the palace. It appears that you might have been able to make it past the gardens, but others weren’t so fortunate.

    13. The Twelve Whispers of the Winds: Adventurers traversing through the valley of an immense mountain range may find themselves hearing etherial voices whispering in their ears. The tricky part is that each person hears something different with only one unifying factor: the messages are twelve words long.

    Glade of Wistful Willows - Several beautiful green willows cascade down to almost soft, grassy ground. If you enter, you must succeed in a WIS Save (DC 15) or fall into a deep, restful sleep under a willow tree. Once someone is a asleep the hanging vines attempt to grapple the sleeping folk (Dex+Athletics 16) to attempt to pull them up to consume them.

    Hedge Maze - once entered, 4 successful Int +Survival DC 16 are needed to leave. Time is not typical inside the maze. Upon exit roll on the table for when they exit.

        1D6

        1 2 minutes before they enter

        2 exactly when the entered

        3 2 minutes after they entered

        4 1 hour after they entered

        5 2 hours after they entered

        6 1 day after they entered

    Ruined wall - there is decrepit wall with odd symbols carved upon it. Upon inspection, succeed on a investigation check, DC 16. Success reveals the symbols are gibberish, failure youn are affected as if targeted by a successful Confusion spell.

    Hospitable Hot Springs. Lovely and inviting hot springs. Shale stone houses several pools of hot water which glows faintly golden. Soaking in the waters for 1 hour removes all levels of exhaustion. This effect cannot be repeated for 1 year.

    Cupcake soil - the ground before you is covered in candy sprinkles. Upon entering, treat as quicksand.

    Ephemeral Garden - a gorgeous formal rose garden is before you. Any attempt to interact with the blooms, the garden dissipates into smoke an the person who interacted is poisoned for D6+1 hours, even if they are immune to poison.

    The Mushroom Ring. Everyone knows that a mushroom ring in the Material Plane can serve as a temporary one way door TO the Feywild if the moon is in the phase. So where does this ring of gigantic toadstools lead to? And what triggers it?

    Stranglers Copse - a heavily overgrown woods, rife with Assassin Vine, Shambling by Mounds, and Chokers.

    The Grove of Power - a completely normal grove of otherwise unremarkable trees. Set up as a literal tourist trap by a group of surprisingly market savvy Redcaps in an effort to lure visitors to the Feywild to a gruesome and bloody death. 

    The Archfey’s Field - This seemingly ordinary field is under the constant watch and purview of a powerful Archfey. The Archfey is very particular about who is able to traverse his precious field, and actively seeks to antagonize those who step afoot without his blessing. Unfortunately, this field is known to be a hotspot of extra-planar teleportation. Many adventuring parties will find themselves in a clean open field with only a small wooden sign saying “Do Not Step On The Grass.” and an odd feeling of being watched.

    Giant's Grove - a forest of sequoia trees, ferny underbrush, and immense prehistoric-sized butterflies and beetles.

    Rainbow Wastes - a misty, crumbling mesa, its stripes made of vivid colors of rock not found in other planes and with a higher-than-usual concentration of precious and semiprecious gems. Its extreme temperature fluctuations and its native fauna make it a challenge for profitable mining.

    Firefly Fields - miles and miles of tall grassy fields that, in the night, begin to glow from the grasses' faint bioluminescent tips.

    Battlegrounds - at the site of a long-ago battle, the magic made the ground barren and too sandy to grow much of anything. An archaeological dig site might be here to find ancient weaponry and bones, but due to the long lives of eladrin, a family still visits a recent ancestor's grave here.

    The Moonwell: said to be the only sighting of a moon found in the Feywild's consistent dusk/dawn. As a DM, use the Moonwell as a teleport to wherever you like; a deep well that when looked upon, shimmers with a likeness of a full moon, upon diving in, players fall through the waters as if softly falling through air and find themselves elsewhere within the Feywild with no visible path back.

    Fortress of the Lost: The entrance to this fortress never appears in the same place twice. People find the gold-bounded double doors whenever they are truly lost in the Fry realms. Once they enter, they will be unable to find their way out to the original location. If they find an exit in its maze-like depths, it will be far from where they entered. However, whether it is far in time or space, depends on the exit they choose.

    The starlit woods. The “stars” are magical lights almost like will o’ wisps- or perhaps they are will o’ wisps that report back to the Archfey who lives there.

    The Living Tree - a village woven into the interior of a tree trunk that's hundreds of feet wide and almost 1000 feet tall. Residents include faerie dragons, a pack of blink dogs, some eladrin families, and, oddly enough, a ghoul that none of the residents seem to acknowledge.

    The Valley of Honey. Guarded bu the Bear king, this flower covered field houses the best bee hives and mastery in all the Feywild. Come enjoy the drink and revelry put on by the Bearguard. Hunts, fishing and drinking and eating competitions as well as feats of strength and song for the ages to compete to sit at the table of the Bear King. Careful though, when Winter's Queen comes to visit, and the Valley goes dark and the leaves change colors, the Bearguard may just want to keep you for a winter snack...

fey dungeon
    d6 This place is a/an...

    Mystic cave.

    Maze of tall hedges.

    Series of pitch black tunnels.

    Forgotten tomb.

    Ruin of elvish construction.

    Series of interconnected earthy burrows.

    d6 This place is located…

    Near a hobgoblin stronghold.

    Beneath an elvish palace.

    Beneath an ancient elvish ruin.

    Deep within a forest or swamp.

    Beneath a city in the mortal world.

    In a remote mountain valley in the mortal world.

    d6 Major feature: You see a/an...

    Statue of an elvish hero.

    Altar dedicated to an elvish goddess.

    Mural depicting an ancient battlefield.

    Magically-crafted colonnade.

    Several curtains of silvery mists.

    Set of double doors carved with arcane symbols.

    d6 Minor feature: You see a/an...

    Archery target.

    Small statue depicting several pixies.

    Rack of swords and spears.

    Nest of beautiful, speckled eggs.

    Ring of brightly-colored mushrooms.

    Handful of floating motes of lights.

    d6 NPC: You meet a/an…

    Hobgoblin soldier.

    Elvish ranger.

    Gnomish herbalist.

    Dancing pixie.

    Sorrowful dryad.

    Rowdy satyr.

    d6 Beast: You meet a/an…

    Blink dog.

    Owlbear.

    Phase spider.

    Swarm of frogs or rabbits.

    Swarm of bats or flies.

    Talking beast (d6): 1. bear; 2. eagle; 3. owl; 4. snake; 5. giant toad; 6. wolf.

    d6 Secondary Monster: You come upon…

    Bugbear thug.

    Cyclops.

    Displacer beast.

    Ghostly warrior.

    Goblin sneak.

    Restless zombie.

    d6 Primary monster: This place is currently ruled by a…

    Bog hag.

    Night hag.

    Baelnorn (lich).

    Sadistic witch.

    Hobgoblin commander.

    Charming dragon.

    d6 Traps/hazard: You must survive the…

    Curse of unstoppable dancing.

    Curse of dreamless sleep.

    Curse of nightmarish visions.

    Spiked pit trap.

    Illusory treasure hoard.

    Poisoned arrow traps.

    d6 Reward/treasure: If you survive, you may find the...

    Crown of an ancient elvish queen.

    Sword of an infamous hobgoblin king.

    Spellbook of a dangerous necromancer.

    Notebooks from a brilliant alchemist’s laboratory.

    Crystal of a celebrated seeress.

    Helm of a legendary elvish hero.
1:1 rule (one goes in, something comes out.)

faeriefolk
    d12 The faerie is...

    A capricious nymph.

    An apprehensive nymph.

    A playful nymph.

    A nervous pixie.

    A cheerful pixie.

    A carefree pixie.

    A wrathful sprite.

    A curious sprite.

    A surly sprite.

    A drunken satyr.

    A satyr bully.

    A sharp-witted satyr.

    d20 Hair: The faerie has...

    Black hair.

    Copper hair.

    Golden blonde hair.

    Platinum blonde hair.

    Silver-white hair.

    Dark brown hair.

    Reddish-brown.

    Fiery red hair.

    Light brown hair.

    Auburn hair.

    Black hair with a brown streak.

    Dark brown hair with an auburn streak.

    Brown hair with a blonde streak.

    Bright white hair.

    Silver-blonde hair.

    Whitish blonde hair.

    Golden hair with a pink streak.

    Golden hair with a green streak.

    Black hair with a blue streak.

    Black hair with a white streak.

    d20 Eyes: The faerie has...

    Pale golden eyes.

    Bright golden eyes.

    Dark green eyes.

    Brilliant green eyes.

    Bright blue eyes.

    Dark blue eyes.

    Blue eyes with golden flecks.

    Green eyes with golden flecks.

    Pale green eyes.

    Golden brown eyes.

    Dark brown eyes.

    Hazel eyes.

    Whitish blue eyes.

    Pale blue eyes.

    Lilac eyes.

    Pale violet eyes.

    Bright violet eyes.

    Deep red eyes.

    Pale pink eyes.

    Silver eyes.

    d12 Mannerisms: The faerie has...

    A likable grin.

    A delicate laugh.

    A playful laugh.

    A laugh that goes on too long.

    An amused smirk.

    A humorless visage.

    A habit of sighing.

    A touch of sorrow in his or her voice.

    A habit of pacing.

    A habit of scratching the back of the neck.

    A habit of winking.

    A seductive sway of the hips.

    d12 The faerie is looking for...

    An unnatural creature that has taken up residence in the forest.

    Ways to cause mischief for travelers.

    Worthy visitors of a secret grove.

    Amusement in frightening travelers.

    Someone to listen to a new song.

    A heart to break.

    Love and war.

    Love and mischief.

    Mischief and mayhem.

    The answer to a riddle.

    A dance partner.

    A drinking partner.

    d12 The faerie carries...

    An delicate wreath of flowers.

    A gem glowing with moonlight or starlight.

    A finely-crafted bow or knife.

    A vial containing a potent potion.

    Several magical mushrooms.

    A variety of herbs commonly used in potionmaking.

    A message from a faerie king or queen.

    A token from a past love.

    A string instrument (d4): 1. fiddle; 2. harp; 3. lute; 4. lyre.

    A wind instrument (d4): 1. flute; 2. horn; 3. ocarina; 4. panpipes.

    A piece of sweet cake.

    A jug of wine.

enchanted forest
    d12 Interesting Location: You find...

    A cavern behind a waterfall.

    A house under a large tree.

    A large burrow with a door.

    A small cave in the bank of a creek.

    A peculiar cottage.

    A house up in a tree.

    A well-maintained cottage.

    A ring of mushrooms.

    An entrance to a rocky cave.

    Ancient ruins.

    A reflecting pool between colonnades.

    The statue of a goddess on a beautiful marble fountain.

    d20 Distinguishing Landmark: You see...

    A lush fruit tree.

    A large, hollow tree.

    A pair of trees from the same root.

    A tree growing over a boulder.

    A clearing with wildflowers.

    A grassy clearing.

    A moss-covered boulder.

    A thicket of flowering bushes.

    A babbling brook.

    A brook in a deep ravine.

    A brook, with gentle rapids.

    A creek with flowers on its bank.

    A small pool at a creek's bend.

    A patch of mushrooms.

    An enormous mushroom.

    A large, hollow log.

    A large, rotting log.

    A tree felled by lightning.

    An old gnarled tree.

    The stump of an enormous tree.

    d20 Feature: You notice...

    A flock of birds scatter.

    A hawk cries.

    A woodpecker drumming.

    An owl hoots.

    Birds chirping.

    A chipmunk scurrying.

    A deer dashes away.

    A deer watches curiously.

    A squirrel leaps from one tree to another.

    A wolf howls.

    Butterflies fluttering about.

    Squirrels chittering.

    Distant music from a harp.

    Distant music from a flute.

    A warm breeze blows.

    A twig snaps.

    Brightly, colored berries.

    Leaves rustling.

    The scent of flowers.

    Pixies dancing in the distance.

    d12 What’s in the cave/cavern?

    A bear’s lair.

    Lots of bats.

    Many spider webs.

    A troll's stash.

    An ogre's lair.

    Some goblins' hideout.

    Fragrant mushrooms.

    A lingering ghost.

    Some lizardfolk’s lair.

    The remnant’s of a satyr’s feasting.

    A mysterious chest.

    A reflecting pool between a pair of beautiful stone colonnades.

    d20 Encounters: You come upon...

    A large bear.

    A bear wearing a collar.

    A giant spider.

    A talking spider.

    An enormous anthill.

    A pack of wolves.

    A talking wolf.

    A displacer beast.

    A moaning ghost.

    A mischievous ghost.

    A pair of goblin scouts.

    A hobgoblin beasthunter.

    Several tiny faeries.

    A dozen or more pixies.

    A protective sprite.

    A dancing satyr.

    An old witch.

    A lost child.

    A high elf sage.

    A wood elf wanderer.

    d6 Who lives in the burrow/under the tree?

    Intelligent rabbits.

    A giant talking spider.

    A talking badger.

    A gnomish illusionist.

    A gnomish prankster.

    A suspicious sprite.

    d8 Who lives up in the tree?

    A giant owl.

    A talking raven.

    A wood elf ranger.

    A high elf sentinel.

    A band of friendly pixies.

    Several nervous sprites.

    A swarm of sentient butterflies.

    It’s not a tree; it’s a treant.

    d6 Who lives in the peculiar/well-maintained cottage?

    A lonely old gnome.

    A reclusive shapeshifter.

    A gnomish healer.

    A beautiful witch.

    A horrible witch.

    An outcast dwarf.

    d10 Who built the ancient ruins?

    A great goblin king.

    A wood elf king.

    A high elf prince.

    A dragon cult.

    The god of wine himself.

    A lizardfolk tribe.

    A long-dead emperor.

    A forgotten king.

    An evil queen.

    A dark sorcerer.

    d12 Who lives in the ancient ruins now?

    A high elf guardian.

    A wood elf druid.

    A pack of blink dogs.

    Giant spiders.

    Restless ghosts.

    A wicked satyr.

    Hundreds of pixies.

    Some wary centaurs.

    A cloistered dryad.

    A displacer beast.

    A pair of manticores.

    A dragon.

treefolk
    d8 The treeperson is...

    A dryad enchantress.

    A dryad protector.

    A dryad witch.

    A dryad oracle.

    A treant loreseeker.

    A treant guardian.

    A treant lorekeeper.

    A treant elder.

    d12 Appearance: The treeperson could be described as...

    Tall.

    Very tall.

    Slender.

    Sturdy.

    Unwavering.

    Bent.

    Gnarled.

    Knotty.

    Weathered.

    Moss-covered.

    Withered.

    Stumpy.

    d20 Features: The treeperson's bark and leaves are reminiscent of...

    An apple or pear tree.

    An ash.

    A birch.

    A beech.

    A cedar or juniper.

    A cherry or plum tree.

    A chestnut or hazel tree.

    A cypress.

    An elm.

    An fir.

    A hawthorn or hemlock.

    A hickory or walnut tree.

    A linden or lime tree.

    A maple.

    An oak.

    A pine.

    A poplar.

    A spruce.

    A willow.

    A yew or holly tree.

    d10 Personality: The treeperson is...

    Sappy.

    Soft-spoken.

    Rooted.

    Dry.

    Patient.

    Green.

    Flowery.

    Steady.

    Prickly.

    Thorny.

    d8 The treeperson is looking to...

    Drive away intruders.

    Warn intruders of dangers ahead.

    Find a spot where a rare flower grows.

    Nurture an ancient grove back to health.

    Protect the oldest tree in the forest.

    Eliminate any threats to the forest.

    Plant trees where others been felled.

    Talk after centuries of silence.

    d6 The treeperson carries...

    A magic acorn, nut, or other seed.

    A clipping of ancient wood.

    A rare moss with healing properties.

    A deathly poison mushroom.

    A sapling from an ancient tree.

    A cudgel made from the wood of a legendary tree.

fey beast
    d12 The fey beast is...

    A bear.

    A beaver.

    A boar.

    An elk.

    A hawk.

    An owl.

    An owlbear.

    A panther.

    A songbird.

    A swan.

    A toad.

    A wolf.

    d6 The beast has...

    Unusually bright coloration.

    Unusual stripes or markings.

    Captivating, blue or grey eyes.

    Mischievous, green or gold eyes.

    A shimmering aura.

    A misty aura.

    d8 ...and...

    Moves gracefully, almost dancing.

    Darts in and out of hiding places.

    Can create an illusory double of itself.

    Can teleport short distances.

    Speaks in rhymes and riddles.

    Speaks in songs.

    Gives you an uneasy feeling.

    Relishes in playful pranks and hijinks.

    d8 The beast is looking for...

    An answer to an ancient riddle.

    A mortal worthy of its service.

    A mortal to torment and to tease.

    An artifact of an elvish hero of a past age.

    The location of an ancient, elvish ruin.

    The source of corruption near its home.

    The recipient of a specific, secret message.

    A new song to sing.

Fey entrance

    You see a giant rabbit, holding a golden pocket watch, sprint past you and dive into a big rabbit hole. You wonder where he's going.

    After a long day of work, you go to bed. You wake up in a magical land. The next morning it all seems like a dream, but you are very tired and, come to think of it, where did your arm go?

    You push back some coats in a closet and behind them, in the distance, you see a light.

    You wake up to bright lights shining around you. A hidden door has opened up in a nearby hill, the fairies are hailing you as their monarch. What could possibly go wrong?

    You and your friends are moments away from being gored on a boar's tusks, when Fae enter the glade to save you. They blindfold you and transport you to their court. Now you owe their lord a favour. Great.

    You see a unicorn captured by bandits in a magical net. After you have saved it, a dragon appears. To save you in return it teleports you to the Feywild. Now you must stay there until it recharges it's ability to teleport. 

    Journeying through the woods, your party begins to notice that the coming season is arriving far sooner than expected. Spring, summer, and fall occur within three day spans before the party ends deep within an Unseelie Feywild domain.

    A natural arch formed between groves of ash and oak trees leads deep within Summerisle.

    A murky pond by day shines clear at night . Unwary travelers find themselves compelled to leap in during their sleep and surface on the Sea of Mirrors.

    During a storm (which suddenly appears from nowhere) fallen leaves and other foliage are whipped into a small tornado which envelops you. As the storm dies down, your character has noticeably vanished. 

    Your characters accidentally stumble into a fairy ring during a full moon.

    You are carried off suddenly by a giant butterfly which flies through the clouds and into the Feywilds.

    The PCs, having accepted a quest from a aristocratic couple to find their missing daughter, have traced her steps to a little-used room in the family mansion containing an old mirror. Investigating the mirror reveals it to be a portal.

    Tomb trap of a king from long ago. Opening the sarcophagus causes the chamber to move to the fey-wild.

    Your fey patron transports you there. As a reward? As a punishment? For shits and giggles? Who knows? 

    You get very drunk and gamble with a fey-looking person in a tavern. When you wake up, you're in the Feywild. You also have been a. turned into a dryad, b. Turned into a satyr, c. Naked and without possessions, d. Turned into a frog, e. Being auctioned off at a goblin market, f. Gotten some rather embarrassing tattoos that may or may not have magical properties.

    During a full solar eclipse, close your eyes, turn counter clockwise 3 full rotations and take one giant step forward.

    Entered a mysterious cave. Got lost in it's many twist and turns. Finally found an exit. Entered the Feywilds.

    Fall asleep in a fairy circle. Wake up in the Feywild.

    Find a Fae, bet them that they cant take you there.

    On a foggy day, crossed a bridge that you never knew was there before. 

    Stepped into a small pub or tavern that you never knew was there before.

    Walked through an archway formed from 2 trees growing together.

    Walked through an archway formed from vines.

    Walked through a stone archway.

    You awaken in the morning in the Feywild after a long night of drunken partying. What was in those drinks? 

    A warlock broke his pact with his fey patron, and is dragged back into the feywild - along with everybody in his immediate vicinity.

    Digging into the Underdark with a Silver shovel. 

    You and your childhood friends had a game you liked to play when you were kids: you imagined you were in a land of fairies. You played the same game for years until one of you had to move away. You have so many vivid memories from those days, and miss the childish play. At a get together, as you reminisce about the good old days, you notice a leaf fall onto one of your friends' shoulder.

    You are a college student who is at a houseparty. A gorgeous girl that you have never met before is also at this party, and you guys get intimate. She takes you to one of the rooms, and as you are making out, you notice that you are not in a room anymore.

    You are a member of a movie club, where you guys go and see obscure, unnoticed movies and review them. One particular movie you decide to see has no other audience but you guys, and after a few minutes into the movie, you find yourself in the Feywild.

    You like to take hours-long walks to collect your thoughts. One day, because you are upset, you decide to take a walk in the nearby woods. Because you are so preoccupied, you don't notice how far you have gone into the woods.

    You use a magical artifact as a sex toy, transporting both you and your partner(s) into the Feywild.

    You and your party are on a two-week journey on your way to an urgent quest. In spite of all of your objections, one party member, who claims to be very good at 'orienteering' (whatever that is), convinces the party to take a shortcut through the unmapped woods. Even though you have been traveling in a straight line for two hours, you realize you have circled back.

    You throw a coin into a well, but are startled by a black cat. You trip and fall into the well, splashing into the water below, but cannot swim back to the surface of the water. You fall down, down, down, and actually fall out of the water going down, and land in a circular glade of short grass. You look up and the water is gone, replaced by a ring of sparkling trees all around you.

    Trixie flowers (twin soul flowers in elvish because they exist on both sides), so called for there mutating color. Many are highly allergic to them and if you sneeze in close proximity to the flowers you will pop into the feywild.

    Along the road you spot a strange fountain full of water. After you take a hearty sip you stand up to see the world around you has changed into a strange and foreign land. 

    Taking a country road you've travelled back and forth countless times, on your way to take care of some errands in the snow, your thoughts drift to memories of summer, and they fill you with warmth. Or maybe that came from the sudden sunlight? 

    The signpost at the crossroads seems to have been turned around, and the sign pointing in the direction you're headed is written in an unfamiliar language. As you continue on, familiar scenery gives way to fantastic foliage.

    An archfey has been visiting the same town in disguise for centuries, gambling at a cozy tavern for fun. An old man has waited 70 years to win back a ring he foolishly gambled away, and his dedication impressed the archfey so much, he got it back with an enchantment. He, and each of his descendents, could use it to travel to and from the Feywild once in their life.

    An image of an alluring and irresistable person appears, luring you deeper into the woods until you end up lost in the feywild, lured there by an avatar of a fey. 

    Against your better judgement, you decided to give the gnome's "magic powder" a try. 

    You try to open a door that you didn't realize was already open and end up in the Feywild.

    This book is very well written. It really draws you in...

    Have you ever noticed how the waves in that picture seem to move?

    How have Dibbler’s pies gotten worse?

    Alright, so the board is set up, we’ve all chosen our pieces, let’s play Feymanji!

    What is that little door at the back of the train?

    while walking in the woods you come upon a clearing, in the clearing there is a mushroom circle. You walk towards the circle to get a better look. You look up and notice on the other side of the clearing in the shadows there is a figure, eyes shining. You didn't realize, but part of your body has crossed into the circle. You're falling.

    Everytime you fall asleep you end up in the feywild, you are whisked into a frenzied dance by masked beings and given fae wine. At some point the beings disappear, you wake up exhausted.

    You intentionally took some drugs that were supposed to allow you to see into the fey wild temporarily, but the duration time has passed and you don’t seem to be coming down. 

    You performed a ritual to summon a Fae. Well, you got Fae but they weren't summoned. 

    Too much sex in the sacred Eladrin grove! Grotesque horny mortals, mating twice in a year! Sometimes, ugh... more!

    Not enough sex in the sacred nymph grove! (~conveniently switches places with the above according to fae's clearly posted and amended schedule in the- where did we put the schedule? Kevin has it why did you give it to kevin? well where is he oh im not going to edit it out now it's on the parchemnt )~Experiecne a genuine Fae experience at one of our two sacred locations where mortals never get sex-shamed into the Feydark and eaten by Fomorians.

    You're walking through a particularly deep portion of the woods, perhaps off the beaten trail and you turn left. No hokey magic, mysterious mist, swarm of leaves or anything else just, you turn left at just the right spot and now there is a satyr who just stopped playing his pipe to a grove of nymphs to stare at your confused ass.

    You notice a plain worn down wooden gate placed in the middle of a meadow. It is just a gate without any fence or signs that their used to be one. You jokingly open the gate and walk through it ending up in the Feywild.

    As you are walking through the forest you notice a large rune stone that is a different coloured stone than those around it. When you go up to investigate it a cloud of darkness erupts from the stone and everyone is swept up by it. When the darkness disperses you find yourself in a quarry made of the same kind of stone as the rune stone.

    Something spooks your mounts/pack mules and they race off causing everyone to pass through a strange distortion in the air. (reroll if you do not have any mounts or pack mules)

    Suddenly the baying of giant hounds echo through the air and day becomes twilight. The sound strikes fear into everyone as the baying gets louder and hoof beats join in. You find yourself on the run from the wild hunt!